pavan kumar - Excellent doctor.Not at all commercial and looks for happiness of patient by curing the disease completely.Treats everyone as a family friend and counsels them very well which acts as a major cure.Have seen many doctors (allopathy,Ayurvedic, Homeo, Herbal, etc... ) and many big hospitals on different cases.No doubt that she is one of the best doctors.

Sri Lakshmi Kameswari - Dr. Kavitha is very patient in listening to problems of her patients. treatment is very good.

Gokhale - Visited clinic for frozen shoulder. I am happy with the treatment and the improvement of shoulder movement. Doctor is very patient to listen our problem during the treatment. Staff are also very cordial during entire treatment period.

Manikonda Sai - A great relief from stress and headache ... treatment was awesome ..
Thanks to Doctor and Supporting staff...

kammari Vidyasagar -I have found relief after coming here. I had a very bad lumbar disc bulge pain before coming to this clinic. After 4-5 months of using ayurvedic medicine here I felt relieved and i no longer feel any pain. I can surely say I'm completely recovered. Doctors and staff in Raghavendra ayurvedic hospital will provide optimum patient care and most importantly listen to their patients, which is not the case with other doctors elsewhere.

Bhargavi Vedantam - Have known Dr.Kavitha since a decade...she has cool demeanor which eases your nerves and her expertise to treat always helps to overcome the illness..Visited her for treatment to Sleepless nights..and Went ahead with shirodhara therapy she suggested..my sleep habits are right on track now..Thank you Dr.Kavitha and her team for being there for us..whenever we need you..

Hemalatha Tadikonda - Treatment is excellent.It  has given good result.

Dileep Bupathi - Good ayurveda clinic. Thorough knowledge. Friendly doctor

harish cheepuru - Dr kavitha madam is very good. treatment  100 percent satisfied.

Srikumar Maganti - Dr. Kavitha has been Professional in treating my Children for containing the Eye sight in a narrow range using Ayurvedic treatment called Akshu Tharpana. . I thank her for the suggestion and right treatment

B.Ramesh bairagoni - Treatment is very good.

Aparna Ogirala - In the current times one of the best hospital n doctor.More than medicine, the doctors suggestion n advices help in healing quickly. Only needed thing is trust and patience. You will surely get the best cure for yor ailments

Saminathan G - I would definitely recommend this hospital. The doctor is well experienced and kind. Listen to patients and treat them with care. The remedies are best.

Shiva Kumar - Excellent place to recover easily with natural methods..... Even major problems can be solved here.... Thanks alot to Dr. Kavitha Madam.

NIRANJAN D - She is more than a doctor. We have saying that doctor is next to god and there she is. She cured my mother's foot healing problem that allopathic gave up

Shanker Houjekar - मै शंकर हौजेकर। मै कॉलेज मै प्राध्यापक हूं। बहुत लोग मुझे बोले की आप आयुर्वेद औषध लेलो। पर उस पर ध्यान नहीं दिया। पर मेरे एक संबंधी ने डॉक्टर कविता मैडम के बारे में बताए तो मै इनके पास आया। इनके इलाज के बाद मुझे पता चला कि आयुर्वेद औषध भी अच्छी तरह से कम करते है। इसका  कारण कविता मैडम की चिकित्सा है।
मै sciatica का मरीज हूं। मैडम के इलाज के बाद अब मै ठीक से चल रहा हूं और मेरा पढ़ाई का काम भी कर रहा हूं।
धन्यवाद मैडम जी।
मै आपका शुक्रिया तहे दिल से करता हूं।.
